What is the best type of chart to show four sequential years of RNC fundraising data?
Bar
Column
Line
Pie

What is Tableau primarily used for?
Visualizing data
Scraping websites
Converting markdown to HTML
Internal communication

Which of these data formats is generally most useful for reporters?
PDF
XML
CSV
JSON

Which of these is a valid reason for FOIA officers to withhold all or part of document?
Document contains embarrasing and/or sensitive information about the current president's administration
Document contains information not yet announced by the federal agency that wrote it
Exoprting the document would require writing a programming query in a language like SQL or Python
Document contains private industry trade secrets

Which of these tasks is genearlly NOT part of a data journalists' job?
Converting data into PDFs
Finding data
Creating databases from scratch
Editing stories about data

What kind of story would you be most likely to write from FEC data?
A story on the press' coverage of the president
A story on illegal campaign contributions by friends of senators
A story on cell phone companies merging
A story on cell phone companies merging

Which of these is most likely to be a misleading data visualization?
A line chart of stock prices compared to the S&P500
A bar chart of most commonly visited .gov URLs
A county-by-county map of temperature averages
A county-by-county map of 2016 presidential election winners

Which of these is a potentially valid inference based on surveying random sample of your local Little League players?
Among all Little League players, we are 100% confident that somewhere between 67 and 82 percent prefer vanilla over chocolate ice cream.
Among all Little League players, we are 95% confident that at least half prefer vanilla ice cream over chocolate.
Among all Little League players in my local league, we are 95% confident that between 67 and 82 percent prefer vanilla over chocolate ice cream.
Among all Little League players in my local league, we are 100% confident that at least half prefer vanilla ice cream over chocolate.

What does API stand for?
Application programmer interface
Applied programmatic inference
Artificial-programmer intelligence
Allowed programmer interactivity

Which of these tools would a data reporter be most likely to use to analyze a million-row dataset?
Excel
Tableau
SQL
His favorite FTP client

What are the three languages that make up web pages?
HTML/PHP/SQL
HTML/CSS/PHP
HTML/SQL/JS
HTML/CSS/JS

Which of these is the correct way to calculate a percentage change based on an old data point and a new data point?
(new - old) / old
(old - new) / new
new / (new - old)
old / (old - new)

What should be in the first row of an Excel spreadsheet?
The title of your document/project
The first row of data in your dataset
The headers for your data columns
The date your data was compiled







